Update Gitlab VCS integration docs (#2218)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/vcs/gitlab-com.mdx

   | Name                    | Terraform Cloud (`<YOUR ORGANIZATION NAME>`)                                                     |
   | Redirect URI            | `https://app.terraform.io/<YOUR CALLBACK URL>`, the redirect URI you copied from Terraform Cloud |
   | Confidential (checkbox) | ✔️ (enabled)                                                                                     |
   | Expire access tokens (checkbox) | ✘ (disabled)                                                                             |
   | Scopes (all checkboxes) | api                                                                                              |

>    -> **Note:** If the `Expire access tokens` checkbox is not disabled Giltab will mark OAuth tokens for the application as expired 2 hours after they are issued. Currently, Terraform Cloud will refresh tokens if they are older than 6 hours. Because of this a gap of 4 hours would exist where Teraform Cloud will attempt to use a token which is marked as expired on Gitlab's side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -> **Note:**    -> **Note:** Terraform Cloud refreshes tokens if they are older than 6 hours, but GitLab marks OAuth tokens as expired 2 hours after they are issued. Disabling the `Expire access tokens` checkbox prevents Terraform Cloud from attempting to use expired tokens. 
```
